ref(flags): allow launchdarkly member to be null (#83054)
getsentry/sentry: src/sentry/flags/docs/api.md

**Attributes**

| Column        | Type           | Description                                                   |
| ------------- | -------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------- |
| action        | string         | Enum of `created`, `updated`, or `deleted`.                   |
| createdAt     | string         | ISO-8601 timestamp of when the flag was changed.              |

> | createdBy     | string or null | The user responsible for the change.                          |

Reviewer: `optional[string]`

> | createdBy     | string or null | The user responsible for the change.                          |

Author: ```suggestion
| createdBy     | optional[string] | The user responsible for the change.                          |
```

> | createdBy     | string or null   | The user responsible for the change.                          |

Author: ```suggestion
| createdBy     | optional[string]   | The user responsible for the change.                          |
```

> | createdByType | string or null | Enum of `email`, `id`, or `name`.                             |

Author: ```suggestion
| createdByType | optional[string] | Enum of `email`, `id`, or `name`.                             |
```

> | createdByType | string or null | Enum of `email`, `id`, or `name`.                             |

Author: ```suggestion
| createdByType | optional[string] | Enum of `email`, `id`, or `name`.                             |
```
